---
description: Description of Fields Present in Transaction Registers
---

# Fields Description in Registers

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="332">Name</th><th width="227">Parameter</th><th width="254">Description</th><th width="239">Example</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Merchant ID (AllianceEcom)</td><td>merchantAliasId</td><td>Internal identifier of the merchant</td><td>AE011111</td></tr><tr><td>PGI Reference Number</td><td>-</td><td>Internal transaction identifier. Transaction ID in the processing center.</td><td>XAPI/0000111hkmyQaRi6hfWWWZAbbNZWWWPF</td></tr><tr><td>Transaction Date</td><td>processingDateTime</td><td>Date and time when the transaction was processed by the system.</td><td>########</td></tr><tr><td>Transaction Amount</td><td>coinAmount</td><td>Payment amount in minor units (e.g., cents).</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Merchant Commission</td><td>merchantCommission</td><td>-</td><td>3 or 13.83</td></tr><tr><td>Sender Card Type</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Sender Card Number</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Recipient Card Type</td><td>paymentSystem</td><td>Indicates the payment system associated with the recipient's card.</td><td>MasterCard or VISA</td></tr><tr><td>Recipient Card Number</td><td>cardNumberMask</td><td>Masked recipient card number.</td><td>523244#####6428</td></tr><tr><td>Authorization Code</td><td>approvalCode</td><td>Unique code generated by the acquiring bank to confirm successful transaction authorization.</td><td>68011</td></tr><tr><td>RRN (Retrieval Reference Number)</td><td>rrn</td><td>Transaction identifier in the MPS (Merchant Payment System).</td><td>5,01E+11</td></tr><tr><td>Transaction Status</td><td>status</td><td>Transaction status.</td><td>Successful</td></tr><tr><td>Counterparty Name</td><td>-</td><td>Full name of the legal entity or individual participating in the financial transaction.</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Counterparty EDRPOU Code</td><td>-</td><td>Identification code of the legal entity in the EDRPOU system used for counterparty identification.</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Currency</td><td>currency</td><td>Payment currency.</td><td>980</td></tr><tr><td>STAN (System Trace Audit Number)</td><td>STAN</td><td>Unique transaction identifier used for tracking in the payment processing system.</td><td>8,07E+09</td></tr><tr><td>Order Number</td><td>operationId</td><td>Transaction ID.</td><td>1736886197752hTsvMV1111-1</td></tr><tr><td>Merchant Comment</td><td>merchantComment</td><td>Additional information or merchant comment regarding the order.</td><td>1712822901491QtPAxAWOrrg , 1258728c1 , alb</td></tr><tr><td>purpose</td><td>Payment purpose, which is filled in by the merchant</td><td>payment for goods and services</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>
